Ajay has
experienced it
Ajay
[music] whether you
sit in front or behind five sisters of helmet
keep your eyes on the signal follow the signal keep
it quiet don't talk on phone number don't
touch the mobile while driving
brother brother brother please take care brother brother pain in heart hey brother keeping the
cunning people under control
alarm half ripe fruits hey
where are you brother brother please take care brother brother
pain in heart now fit it now
worry in intellect now beneficial in havoc decided to
keep your poison the most it is worth doing to these
helmets then you will regret later
channels all of you brothers
okay brother please take care brother marriage
famous come on come on come on just take care
jhal